hi everyone my name is Heather and I'm
the person behind happy puppy
Foles and today I'm going to do an
unboxing or unwrapping of origami pay
work and I found this really cool paper
the other day I got a chance to go to
Nagasaki I don't get to go very often
but when I do there's always so many
cool things there that I want to get um
this particular origami paper is made by
art print Japan and there's lots of
different different variations of it
this was just one it's theirs how many
sheets are in here two designs it looks
like let's see here we'll just open it
up but it was there's 24 sheets there
was 399 so it's a little more on the
expensive side sometimes this is usually
only 300 games this is a paper that has
stopped talking as I open it up here so
this paper has got two different designs
this is kind of shown here just by
having a half a sheet there so you've
got one sheet of paper that's got this
cute little clover and ladybug pattern
which is one of my favorite combinations
of things and then this really pretty
floral pattern with butterflies and they
also have a little accent I don't if the
cameras picking them up or not these
little areas of accent that are in gold
which makes it really pretty so it's a
really nice pretty print chiyogami on
nice like washi style paper with the
nice textured background a really nice
good weight so it's a good quality paper
not you're not a low quality paper
you're paying good for the money that
you're getting so you get 12 sheets of
each of the patterns that are included
for 24 sheets um I'll fold up a box here
show you guys how it looks because that
it's a really good quality paper so it's
going to take its crease as well but
because it is a little thicker you'll
need to kind of make sure you make
really good creases if you're making
something really exact I would say you
know it'd be a challenge to fold and
make something really complex with this
maybe if you're not really used to doing
origami but this paper design was just
so pretty and kind of unique it's got
this nice watercolor feel to it and a
very artistic kind of paper so I'll
finish up the box and show you guys when
it's done here yeah I think because of
the way you do get kind of more rounded
edges then you do really crisp ones but
it's a really pretty really subtle kind
of pattern
it's early i know it's not spring time
but this just made me think of spring
already so maybe it's because we're
still not really that cold yet here
where i live i wish it would get colder
um i want some snow but just not getting
it so but yeah this is definitely a
pretty kind of variation of paper i
think sometimes if you're coming to
japan your kind of set on getting things
that look really like japanese and you
might kind of shy away from something
like this that has a more modern style
to it but very very beautiful paper and
certainly if you're a fan of origami
something to get if you get a chance so
i would definitely recommend it to you
guys i'll try to have some more fun than
unboxing around wrappings to share with
you guys in the future thanks again
always so much for watching and I'll see
you guys next time
you